and now a special look at Disney's
Aladdin you stumbled upon an opportunity
your life begins now
a smoking blue giant but I am NOT a
giant I am a genie there is a difference
here's the thing about genies phenomenal
cosmic power beauty living space so are
you gonna wish there is the princess I'm
about to fabulous you
why there do we need the top none that's
my little cherry on time
juice me soul a that rated PG May 24
see these places I mean there's a whole
world outside of books and maps do you
want to
how every door is guarded who said
anything about a door what are you doing
sometimes princess sometimes you just
have to take a risk
I just happened is this a magic carpet
do you trust me
what did you say do you trust me
[Music]
yes
hey can you make me a prince there is a
lot of gray area in make me a prince I
could just make you a prince oh no right
you'll be snuggled up with that dude for
the rest of your life be specific with
your words the deal is in the detail got
it which I don't really understand
because if she already likes you why
change I told you she has to marry a
prince
okay I can do that
who's the girl she's a princess Oh
aren't they a ha hey can you make me a
prince
don't hurt on Jamie this is big hat no
that is not
what are you doing I'm waiting for the
right moment
really really
I think I finally got the hang of being
a prince let's rewind the tape I mean I
did muster to work Disney's alive at
rated PG May 24th it's on sale now you
can control
Jenkins wars yours
so you can keep dusty
Hey
for yourself reminding yourself that
[Music]